c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\Skype Drawer L.exe.config
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Interop.SKYPE4COMLib.dll
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\Skype Drawer L.exe
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\Skype Drawer L.pdb
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.Common.dll
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.dll
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\clipper_library.dll
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.xml
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.exe
c:\users\fabian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Skype Drawer L\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.pdb
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\Skype Drawer L.exe.config
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Interop.SKYPE4COMLib.dll
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.exe
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.pdb
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\Skype Drawer L.exe
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\Skype Drawer L.pdb
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\clipper_library.dll
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\bin\Debug\LeagueSharp.xml
C:\Users\Fabian\Documents\GitHub\Not-even-close\Skype Drawer L\obj\Debug\Skype Drawer L.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
